Liquidity-provider-server automated update of documentation update-from-lps-20260224-223005 (#473)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/identity/data-vault/cpinner/cpinner-provider.markdown

// set dependencies to inject
const ipfsClient = new IpfsClient(ipfsHttpClient)
const ipfsPinner = new IpfsPinner(ipfsHttpClient, pinnedCidsRepository)
const metadataManager = new MetadataManager(metadataRepository)

const IpfsPinnerProvider = new IpfsPinnerProvider(ipfsClient, metadataManager, ipfsPinner)
```

#### Usage

```typescript=
const did = 'did:ethr:rsk:12345678'
const key = 'the key'
const content = 'the content'

const cid: string = await ipfsPinnerProvider.create(did, key, content)

const content: { id: string, content: string }[] = await ipfsPinnerProvider.get(did, key)

const keys: string[] = await ipfsPinnerProvider.getKeys(did)

const newCid: string = await ipfsPinnerProvider.swap(did, key, 'the new content')

const anotherCid: string = await ipfsPinnerProvider.swap(did, key, 'the new content', newCid) // cid can be specified if there is more than one content associated to the given did and key

const deleted: boolean = await ipfsPinnerProvider.delete(did, key)

const deleted: boolean = await ipfsPinnerProvider.delete(did, key, cid) // cid can be specified if there is more than one content associated to the given did and key
```

### Run for development

> See our repo in [Github](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-data-vault/tree/master/modules/ipfs-cpinner-service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [`ipfs-cpinner-client` in the `rif-data-vault` repo](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-data-vault/tree/master/modules/ipfs-cpinner-client).
```
